Assignment #4, CSC151.
**One Time Pad Cipher**
What is a One Time Pad Cipher? 
The one-time pad is an encryption technique that cannot be cracked, but requires the use of a single-use pre-shared key that is no smaller than the message being sent. The key is exactly same as the length of message which is encrypted and made up of random symbols. For this project, the random symbols were limited to random uppercase letters generated by one of the functions written. 
What does this program do? 
This program has in total seven main functions that accomplish the purpose of a one time pad cipher. These are listed below with an explanation of what it does specifically.
shiftLetter(): A function that perfoms math operations: addition, substraction, and modulo in order to shift the letters using the ASCII system. This will transform the letters from the original message into an encrypted one. The math operations perfomed are based on a range that represents the 26 letters of the abecedary in ASCII code which has specific notations for uppercase and lowercase letters. This program also shifts letters from lowercase to uppercase and viceversa. The final output that should be expected for this function to generate is the shifted letter by the number assigned to the key, which is the number of times the letter will shift in order to successfully encrypt the message to an unknown letter. 
encrypts():This function takes as arguments both the message and the pad generated randomly by the same program. 
decrypts():
randomUpper():
generatePad():
generatePadfile():
encipher():
decipher():

How to use it? 

 
 Credits: 
 
